Added compatibility with global image registry to match with helm chart standards, helps when this helm chart is included as subchart. (#286)
rowanruseler/helm-charts: charts/pgadmin4/README.md

| Parameter | Description | Default |
| --------- | ----------- | ------- |

> | `global.imageRegistry` | Override image registry | `""` |
> | `global.imagePullSecrets` | Additional global imagePullSecrets | `[]` |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `global.imageRegistry` | Global image pull registry for all images | `""` |
| `global.imagePullSecrets` | Global image pull secrets, support both full format (- name: secret) and short format (- secret) | `[]` |
```

| `replicaCount` | Number of pgadmin4 replicas | `1` |
| `image.registry` | Docker image registry | `docker.io` |
| `image.repository` | Docker image | `dpage/pgadmin4` |
| `image.tag` | Docker image tag | `""` |
| `image.pullPolicy` | Docker image pull policy | `IfNotPresent` |

> | `imagePullSecrets` | Image Pull Secrets | `[]` |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `imagePullSecrets` | Docker image pull secrets | `[]` |
```
